[MUSIC]
>> Justin Meyer: So the first thing
we're gonna do now is we're gonna start
implementing the $ function, and
the $ function we're gonna treat
as a constructor function for now.
So what we wanna be able to write is
new $ and then we pass it CSS selector.
It get all elements in
the page that match that
CSS selector and it's going to add
those elements to the instance that
was just created in such a way that that
instance looks like an array like object.
And there's a trick to making this happen,
that I will kind of walk people through,
will probably give like 15
minutes a little bit longer because I want
people to finish this one on their own.
And let me give a little context to it,
so this hint, is the kinda fast
sneaky way of, well let me describe
this problem a little bit better.
Okay, so let's say I had an array of
items.
>> Justin Meyer: We've all seen on array
of items and
that could look like you know 1, 2.
Let me not use those let me do foo,
bar, zed.
Okay, so that's that's an array of items.
But like we've seen things
can be already like that just
means that they have a length and
they have a properties that
match that they have like a 0,
1, 2, and 3 properties.
So I could have something that's
array like that equals 0 is foo,
1 is bar, 2 is zed, and
then it has a length property of 3.
So when you use jQuery it's actually
making an instance of something.
But it has properties on
it that make it array-like.
Part of it's magic is that
it acts like an array but
it has all of these methods that
arrays don't have on it and.
Probably this next exercise and one more
of the two trickiest exercises today,
is how do you convert the instance
in here which would be this.
How do you make it given some
elements maybe given some elements
like this make it look like this.
Now there's a trick to doing
it which is on the slide
which is down here which
I'll come back to.
But you can solve this anyway that you
can kind of rationally do it and maybe
the easiest way to understand it first is
just simply going through the array and
copying the properties to this so
making sure that this has a 0 property,
a 1 property, a 2 property, and a length.
If you get from the selector
three elements.
So think of it this way the easiest way to
solve that I think conceptually is given
a selector use document query
selector all to go get your elements,
you get an array of elements back.
Do a loop to go through each
one of those elements and copy,
add properties to this that are 0, 1, 2,
as many elements as you have,
and a length property.
That's what you need to do to
make your instances of $ behave
just like jQuery will behave,
any questions on that?
I know it's confusing, but you'll see the
answer and hopefully, it'll make sense.
So we'll do-
>> Speaker 2: Right now,
like your verbalization
of what this should do.
Just like comment it out for
us, like you mentioned.
>> Justin Meyer: Do you want
me to write it out.
>> Speaker 2: Right.
>> Justin Meyer: Sure I'll write it out.
Get elements from the page
using selector, d.qsa.
[LAUGH] Then go through
>> Speaker 3: You should
probably state that that's abbreviated.
>> Justin Meyer: It'll be the hint
that I put up, but sure I can, or I'll-
>> Speaker 3: I just meant you should
verbalize that.
>> Justin Meyer: Yeah.
>> Justin Meyer: Using
document.querySelectorAll, and
then once you have all your elements.
Go through them and copy to this.
I go through each element and
copy to this as a numeric property.
>> Justin Meyer: And then also set length
property.
>> Justin Meyer: To the number
of elements in the array.
>> Justin Meyer: And
what will be showing at the end of this
with that hint is at the very bottom.
A hint at the bottom is a way to
essentially do these steps with
very little code, but
all explain that after I explain a longer
way of doing it which is what you
guys should try it first I think.
Any other questions?
>> Justin Meyer: Any on this guy?
>> Justin Meyer: Okay, so never mind.
So one question that some people
might be talking about online is
jQuery doesn't you don't the pass
new before you JQuery right?
So if you saw we're making
something where you have to do.
>> Justin Meyer: Ready to go.
We're making some the where
you have to do new $.
We're going to remove you having
to do new it's just easier
to get everything started by requiring
people to call the new at first.
Or, we'll make it work just like jQuery in
a moment.
>> Justin Meyer: So,
I think I'll leave this up, then.
The verbalization.
Yeah, cause you guys can see
the tests if you need to.
So, I'll leave this up.